Welcome back.
In this video we'll be recapping what we learned in the past couple of videos.
We learned that object oriented programming is a model based on objects which are constructed from some
kind of blueprint in languages that have built in support for O.P..
We call these blueprints classes and the objects created from them instances since we do not have built
in class support in javascript.
We mimic classes by using functions to create objects through the use of constructor functions and the
new keyword we saw that the new keyword does four things.
It creates an object out of thin air.
It sets the value of the key word this to be that object created in the previous that it adds return
this to the constructor function and it sets a property on the object which we can access using Dunder
Kroto.
We'll talk much more about that in the next video.
Finally we can refactor duplication if multiple constructor functions share properties by invoking another
constructor function and using call or apply to set the value of the keyword this to be the correct
object created from the constructor function in the next video.
We'll examine a property on functions called prototype and dive deeper into what the new keyword does.
See there.